# Jupyter notebooks in support for the course 3M1

These notebooks are in support of the linear algebra section of the
course 3M1: Mathematical Methods at the Department of Engineering,
University of Cambridge.


# Viewing and running

Copies of these notebooks are posted to the Microsoft Azure cloud
notebook service:

https://notebooks.azure.com/library/CUED-3M1

The notebooks can be viewed, modified and executed on the Azure
service.

*Note for Cambridge users: You can log into the Azure notebook service
 using your CRSid/Raven credential.*


## Feedback and corrections

Please report suggestions or errors at:

https://github.com/garth-wells/notebooks-3M1/issues


## Author

These notebooks are developed by Garth N. Wells (<gnw20@cam.ac.uk>).


##  License and copyright

All material is copyright of Garth N. Wells (<gnw20@cam.ac.uk>).

All text is made available under the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License
(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).

All computer code is released under the MIT license.

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Garth N. Wells

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
